Update 100-basic-syntax.md (#1601)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/109-golang/content/100-go-basics/100-basic-syntax.md

> # Basic syntax
> 
> Go basic file syntax containg three things :
>   - Package statment : indicates package name
>   - Import statment : list of packages to import
>   - Functions
>   - Code instructions
> 
> `Main` is a reserved function & package name in go , as a function it is the entry point of the program .
> 
> ### Hello World 
> ```go
> package main
> 
> import "fmt"
> 
> func main() { 
>     fmt.Println("Hello, World!")
> }
> ```
> 
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://go.dev/doc/tutorial/getting-started'>Go Tutorial : getting started</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://gobyexample.com/hello-world'>Go by Example: Hello World</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/go/go_syntax.php'>W3schools : go syntax</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Basic Syntax

Learn about the basic syntax of Go, such as how the go programs are executed, package imports, main function, and so on. Visit the resources listed below

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://go.dev/doc/tutorial/getting-started'>Go Tutorial : getting started</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://gobyexample.com/hello-world'>Go by Example: Hello World</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/go/go_syntax.php'>W3schools : Go syntax</BadgeLink>
```
